Li Chenxi, don't you hurry up and kneel down to atone for your sins?
He obviously took you away
Why should I atone?
Li Chenxi doesn't care what's going on in the acting today
I'll make you pay with blood
Master said
What do you want?
You can't rest like this
Should pay a price
I hope killing is illegal
You can't do it in memory of Xi
You should know that killing is a crime
Why do this to the stream?
Do this to relatives
responsibility
I'm just on impulse
I beg you.
I beg you to forgive me this time, okay?
You've already given me a chance
Did you forget that I gave you a workout?
Without me
You're already dead.
Mr. Huo
The skills written can only be reported.